same final beam after we have a team in
team dinner and me and dodo of Hobart
only there and and come as many hours
have two people there and no one come
there and we really set the dinner that
time well business friend guys
well we're wrapping up the seventh week
of na LCS I'm joined right now by impact
from Team Liquid with coverage presented
by Omni slash talk a little bit about
how the season has been going so impact
I think double if tweeted that was a guy
curse game from us he said that about
that match hikers hikes like a crazy
game what what do you think about that
game same thing I agree did we met
really messy oh I mean to me I'm not I
mean just tempting me just not doing
tempting and have team play too much
that's why game is going wrong we kids
know where the game is a boy yeah I mean
it's mean so it's Lee is happy that but
it's it's bad thing because we came show
it you know what what is it like
for you behind the scenes with Team
Liquid because I talked to a lot of the
other guys frequently and they might say
oh it's crazy or I know at the start of
split maybe before rift rivals it was
very intense
lots of people may be frustrated or
whatever what is it like on Team Liquid
now with players do you see
translation happening behind the scenes
hey woody two moons ever yeah I mean
every time problem right but Oh meet
team have from most providing in
somewhere what we turn fixed and that's
why we going pretty good show free came
before some time but we're from - yeah V
show bad game today's but the game I
think we we can tsunami eg that will be
true and yeah yeah I think we have stay
we stay problem but I hope we can fix
what is the team atmosphere like behind
the scenes the sort of feeling of the
team VIP genus visit oh yes yeah that's
what double-a said is that you guys are
business friends what does that mean
just not enjoy each other after game
done just whatever it's just talk
I mean it we Peter one just hang out
together but we need to say nah wait
Peter what staying out with you guys and
you won't hang out with Peter no I won
the he'll do it but some people
I cannot say a name but some people say
yeah next time yeah none this time in I
mean I guess I got said people when
spring socks are safe I know mean after
we have to mean a team dinner and me and
dodo who a Tony there and and come guys
many hours have two people there and no
one come there and we really said the
dinner at that time well busy spring
guys this business friend okay I
understand that's unfortunate
do you think you can win worlds if you
are only business friends I mean in SKT
I think I'm I mean it's busy friend it
just doesn't matter I think that I'm
sorry I'm just talk but yeah leader yeah
I mean whatever you put you could flare
yeah que me voy okay it's about being a
good player important thing it's good
player I think yes
now do you think Team Liquid will win
summer finals easy I'm not sure easy I
think just passed over one so if a week
in mistake you fell I think we possibly
strong team so we need to give them more
I think we not get you know too exciting
or too competent we really good team I
think that thing is not good I think we
just we just okay team that we need to
run everything to stay we just play bad
I think so we need run that and yes if
we pick that we can be impaired not easy
if you pick that
what do you think are the other scary
teams for you know I don't know actually
I'm not carry everything to me I'm not
scared because then we'd root if not
enemy strong we place so vest and video
that's why I'm not I'm not scared okay
so you don't think any other team can
challenge you if you play good
I'm even really good of course that's
why we show spring season yeah so that
means it sounds like you are saying and
I'm just asking for clarity it sounds
like you're saying all the other teams
are bad because if you're saying all you
need to do is play good and you can beat
anyone maybe that means the other teams
aren't good I mean if it's cold it's
different but yeah kinda
so not a single team no snow team is
scary to you note no team looks good I
mean challenging look into a chef cool
now if ever everything close right yeah
so I cannot say weak easy voice to me
hmm I mean if we don't know because if
best of three we can pass a best to 5 we
can possibly lose - yeah but find it
okay well leave it at that
now what do you think oh here's a
question for you I have asked a lot of
people at LCS about this especially
those that go to World Championships
previously at Worlds you know group
stage there's like week one and then
like a break and then week two now it is
eight days in a row
yeah yeah no break and then and then it
used to be week one then a break then
week two then a break then quarterfinals
like a four or five day break now it's
it's eight days straight then two days
off then quarterfinals so I am curious
what you think about this
so random to me but I mean it's good
because you can focus eight daylight you
don't have rabies
so you yeah but it's so hard because
Mara is changing in you know one day
after today's changing 3d change is so
if but I like that actually but I'm not
sure Cooper watching you know because
people want oh definitely have a podium
or is explaining that but I tasted or
again for winning guys you know but to
me I like because I can focus you know
you don't break their meaning I can
focus harder paydays right so but after
its kind of spread
I think it's bit little bit betting
after today is caught up I know sweating
because oh poor in Korea so I'm fine my
problem when I pry I get sick one two
days yeah so that's why 2016 I think we
came down episode 2 the VF game and I
guess sick in stage 2 so I really hate
that but in Korea so I attempt I'm okay
you won't get sick in Korea never
because we don't need fry we just
driving why I mean we could just using
trying to yeah what do you think of this
kick golden clue is walking in all
blacks got sunglasses on he thinks he's
so cool but you oh okay GP min he thinks
he's so cool he's got the sunglasses on
he's an all-black emo tquan you know in
much you know teach the boys yes they
are
and I say that it looks map here yeah
looks gang scary here but just looking
okay okay day two decent gotcha
all right uh well I
let's see we were talking Oh worlds Oh
so some people joke and they say North
America and a always good week one
really bad week two and now there's no
week two so will North America just be
really good because there's no week two
we could just carry on how good we are
all the way no way I think I mean if
good thing baby I think they're choke
you know thirty joke but just play bad
that's it I think if we eat just loose
it flavor I think we to put together we
post week pretty good last bit last year
parting and then we stick with more
input Ayanami mystic purse so I did
anything song to but I push our strong
to so I think you guys would you say you
guys us no I say you guys you know yeah
pants not get too much company you know
okay don't they shouldn't get excited
about one week I mean you a joke but
yeah if we we I mean I I'm doing my best
try your best okay very good
what impact at the end here of the
interview anything you want to say to
the fans uh thank you so much watching
this my interv and free Shay and hmm
good thank you so much impact before the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage for
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
this is annoyed she's the woman that
does all the emails from my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who were actually very
popular so if you don't sub to my
channel and watch my videos she said
that she's never gonna do any more
emotes her my twitch channel see look
she's already leaving because I'm
becoming less popular she's looking for
popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put the description
when she's gone